we're are we Detroit I can't hear you
Maggie
Detroit I can I grew up around music
it's my whole world if you told
twelve-year-old me that one day I'd be
working for Grace Davis she's an icon
this woman doesn't even know your last
name
she does sometimes I'm not gonna tell
you guys you're great if you're not
great again
Pam the girls still give me goosebumps
well grace have you thought any more
about the Vegas residency actually I
think it's time I record a new album I
mean that's one plan what am I supposed
to say to her I'm just a personal
assistant but I'd love to produce your
music let me do my job and you do yours
which is to get her coffee
Kleenex cotext and whatever else the
hell we've been paying you to do for the
last six months I've been here for three
years you can pay that you were an
intern my life is it's really bleak out
there for middle-aged singers in the
history of music only five women over 40
have ever had a number one in and only
one of them was black
I know everyone is happy with me doing
the same show every night there's
something more grace I didn't want to
tell you or Jack but I did a cut of your
song hey here y'all y'all know it's a
damn microphone in there right
[Music]
all we got to do is play as safe a stack
some money I will decide what I do next
[Applause]
if the food coming sir we've been over
this we are not a dry tube well it
should be
it could be oh my god is that great
Steven know the old premier is in your
home on-demand May 29th go to watch the
high note calm for more
[Music]